let's talk about the blood that being
and with 0 x 0 of a day 3 is
predestined to be part of history
two large in emergency state cross
blue and chivas did not worry
too much in throwing that hypothesis
they were intimidated
and at the end at the end
for some of those who have given the
party in the first time the service
del pablo barrier and the auction of
Alejandro Candle
but that way you can more 2031 machine
10 50 up chivas win legs
I'm going to win it
to carve is integrated blue and chivas have
memorable places the esplanade of the
blue stadium understands it that way more if
both arrive needy for a time
lean in blue cross results and its new
try to break the fast if you go with
a streak of 10 games without victory and
with a new coach is supposed to be
assumes that in the afternoon the blue will come out
sparks just at the beginning of the
championship
the male who is don nacho trelles
who is nacho trelles
happy flavors of this world to order and
so difficult
that can bring danger to your doors
cobra candle takes the center to drink
Luis Michel in the body
an artist had appeared
and also at his 96 years ignacio trelles
is waiting for the moment the moment of
celebrate a team title that he
commissioned to put on the football map
mexican the legendary coach seems
something sad just a few months ago
he lost his life partner a woman
with whom he was married for more than
70 years but don nacho looks towards the
front
hamas back and still talk football
of the life of philosophy with
coherence with idea with resources with
intelligence don nacho don nacho is
I live more alive than ever
here is soccer but to see since the
I play that my family is everything for me
you have to do blue cross to win
forget about the details is wrong
taste
to carry out what needle between the
side again as a goal is celebrated
We're heading screaming like you
thanks macho for nothing
that the new forward of the team
house knows what kind of responsibilities
and what type of debit is inherited when
arrives at blue cross is mariano pavone
the blues need goals
you are aware of the millions that
you acquire when you reach the sexy heart and
true that if one knows that a team
great that 15 years ago it does not come out
champion but I always say that although
even if I had won 3 years ago the
final with which he lost with monterrey the
people and I would demand you to be champion by
the largest clubs that goes beyond
of those 15 years the requirement in the clubs
big is always always there I think
I'm ready to be able to
meet that requirement
you do not have to leave
we will win
blood
and a tingling in the stomach some
type of moisture in the hands some
kind of emotion and nothing else blue cross
he wants but he still can not and chivas
it has but it lacks important pieces
drowned in the sigh of a desire
frantic the tribunes of the blue saw
how the ball prowled the goals are
approached caressed the idea at the end
died in the despair that today occupies
the mind of both hobbies 0 by 0
maybe also a tie in terms of
emotions
wind
the big ones in hardship two big ones that
can not miss at the end two large
emerged from glory two great ones that
they tied to zero with more pain than glory
in a day of blue that promises
it did not happen
these